 
5 
 
category modifiers such as "plus" or "minus" for S&P, or the equivalent for any other eligible 
rating service. Long-term credit ratings are deemed eligible if the rating is equal to A- or higher 
by S&P, or the equivalent from any other eligible rating service. Short-term credit ratings are 
deemed eligible if the rating is equal to or higher than A-2 or SP-2 by S&P, or the equivalent from 
any other eligible rating service. In the event that ratings differ among eligible rating services, the 
highest rating shall apply when determining whether a security bears an eligible rating. 
(h) 
"Eligible rating service" shall mean any Nationally Recognized Statistical 
Rating Organization (NRSRO) as defined by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and 
any other organization designated by the [Commissioner] by rule or order. 
(i) 
"Federally insured depository financial institution" means a bank, credit 
union, savings and loan association, trust company, savings association, savings bank, industrial 
bank, or industrial loan company organized under the laws of the United States or any state of the 
United States, when such bank, credit union, savings and loan association, trust company, savings 
association, savings bank, industrial bank, or industrial loan company has federally insured 
deposits. 
(j) 
"In this state" means at a physical location within this state for a transaction 
requested in person.  For a transaction requested electronically or by phone, the provider of money 
transmission may determine if the person requesting the transaction is "in this state" by relying on 
other information provided by the person regarding the location of the individual's residential 
address or a business entity's principal place of business or other physical address location, and 
any records associated with the person that the provider of money transmission may have that 
indicate such location, including but not limited to an address associated with an account. 
(k) 
"Individual" means a natural person.3 
(l) 
"Key individual" means any individual ultimately responsible for 
establishing or directing policies and procedures of the licensee, such as an executive officer, 
manager, director, or trustee.4 
(m) 
"Licensee" means a person licensed under this [Act]. 
(n) 
"Material litigation" means litigation, that according to United States 
generally accepted accounting principles, is significant to a person's financial health and would be 
required to be disclosed in the person's annual audited financial statements, report to shareholders, 
or similar records. 
 
3 Commentary: This Act differentiates between persons and individuals. A person can include both a natural person 
and a corporate entity, whereas an individual can only be a natural person. 
4 Commentary: Key individuals are limited to the natural persons responsible for establishing or approving policies 
and procedures relating to material functional areas of the licensee or applicant. Such areas generally include 
compliance, finance, information security, and operations. States are strongly encouraged to utilize the NMLS Key 
Individual Wizard to ensure consistency, including that only the minimum number of key individuals with ultimate 
responsibility for policies and procedures are identified. 
