 
35 
 
(1) 
the greater of [$100,000] or an amount equal to one hundred percent 
of the licensee's average daily money transmission liability in this state calculated for the 
most recently completed three-month period, up to a maximum of [$500,000];25[ or 
(2) 
[in the event that the licensee's tangible net worth exceeds [10]% of 
total assets, the licensee shall maintain a surety bond of [$100,000.]] 
(c) 
A licensee that maintains a bond in the maximum amount provided for in 
[Section 10.02(b)(1) [or (2), as applicable]] shall not be required to calculate its average daily 
money transmission liability in this state for purposes of this [Section 10.02].26 
(d) 
A licensee may exceed the maximum required bond amount pursuant to 
[Section 10.04(a)(5)]. 
Section 10.03 Maintenance of Permissible Investments. 
(a) 
A licensee shall maintain at all times permissible investments that have a 
market value computed in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles 
of not less than the aggregate amount of all of its outstanding money transmission obligations. 
(b) 
Except for permissible investments enumerated in [Section 10.04(a)], the 
[Commissioner], with respect to any licensee, may by [rule or order]27 limit the extent to which a 
specific investment maintained by a licensee within a class of permissible investments may be 
considered a permissible investment, if the specific investment represents undue risk to customers, 
not reflected in the market value of investments. 
(c) 
Permissible investments, even if commingled with other assets of the 
licensee, are held in trust for the benefit of the purchasers and holders of the licensee's outstanding 
money transmission obligations in the event of insolvency, the filing of a petition by or against the 
licensee under the United States Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. Section 101-110, as amended or 
recodified from time to time, for bankruptcy or reorganization, the filing of a petition by or against 
the licensee for receivership, the commencement of any other judicial or administrative proceeding 
for its dissolution or reorganization, or in the event of an action by a creditor against the licensee 
who is not a beneficiary of this statutory trust. No permissible investments impressed with a trust 
pursuant to this [Section 10.03(c)] shall be subject to attachment, levy of execution, or 
sequestration by order of any court, except for a beneficiary of this statutory trust. 
(d) 
Upon the establishment of a statutory trust in accordance with [Section 
 
25 Commentary: For states with a maximum requirement greater than $500,000, a licensee will hold security equal to 
the greater maximum amount to the extent required to do so. 
26 Commentary: States that currently require licensees to report average daily money transmission liability either 
related to calculating the surety bond amount or for other purposes could retain this reporting requirement in the 
reporting requirements section of their law. If all states were to require reporting of average daily money transmission 
liability in each state, it will become burdensome and costly for licensees, so reporting for licensees maintaining the 
maximum bond amount should only be required if it is to maintain an existing reporting requirement. 
27 Commentary: Each state should utilize its relevant administrative procedures, ensuring the state has authority to 
limit the extent an asset is permissible without legislative change. 
