 
4 
 
June 30, September 30, and December 31. 
(d) 
"Bank Secrecy Act" means the Bank Secrecy Act, 31 U.S.C. Section 5311, 
et seq. and its implementing regulations, as amended and recodified from time to time. 
(e) 
"Closed loop stored value" means stored value that is redeemable by the 
issuer only for goods or services provided by the issuer or its affiliate or franchisees of the issuer 
or its affiliate, except to the extent required by applicable law to be redeemable in cash for its cash 
value; 
(f) 
"Control" means 
(1) 
(A) the power to vote, directly or indirectly, at least 25 percent of 
the outstanding voting shares or voting interests of a licensee or person in control of a 
licensee; 
(B) 
the power to elect or appoint a majority of key individuals or 
executive officers, managers, directors, trustees, or other persons exercising 
managerial authority of a person in control of a licensee; or 
(C) 
the power to exercise, directly or indirectly, a controlling 
influence over the management or policies of a licensee or person in control of a 
licensee. 
(2) 
Rebuttable Presumption of Control. 
(A) 
A person is presumed to exercise a controlling influence 
when the person holds the power to vote, directly or indirectly, at least 10 percent 
of the outstanding voting shares or voting interests of a licensee or person in control 
of a licensee.2 
(B) 
A person presumed to exercise a controlling influence as 
defined by this [Section 2.01(f)] can rebut the presumption of control if the person 
is a passive investor. 
(3) 
For purposes of determining the percentage of a person controlled 
by any other person, the person's interest shall be aggregated with the interest of any other 
immediate family member, including the person's spouse, parents, children, siblings, 
mothers- and fathers-in law, sons- and daughters-in-law, brothers- and sisters-in-law, and 
any other person who shares such person's home. 
(g) 
"Eligible rating" shall mean a credit rating of any of the three highest rating 
categories provided by an eligible rating service, whereby each category may include rating 
 
2 Commentary: The obligation to rebut control rests exclusively with the person acquiring ≥10% of the outstanding 
voting shares or voting interests of a licensee or person in control of a licensee.  It is not the responsibility of the 
licensee to rebut control.  This is consistent with Section 601(a) of the Act which requires the person acquiring control 
to obtain prior approval. 
